tests: add more tests to increase coverage (#169)
adoptium/adoptium.net: src/asciidoc-pages/docs/marketplace-listing.adoc

In the description and examples below we will refer to "files" and "directories" as the implementation of the repository to keep it simple.

== Nomenclature

A repository consists of three types of files, namely *index* files, *release* files and *signature* files.

 * Index files : describe the location of release files and index files.
 * Release files : contain a list of marketplace products.
 * Signature files : contain a digital signature associated with an Index or Release file.
 
All files are read assuming UTF-8 encoding.
 
== Signature Files

Signature files are used to ensure that the index and release file data has been received correctly, and has not been modified en route. The Adoptium marketplace agent will read a file and check the associated file signature. The file's signature is stored in a file with the same name as the file it is signing, with the suffix `.sha256.sign`.

> The signature must be a Base64-encoded, RSA encrypted, SHA-256 hash of your entire file content. The signature will be verified using the public key provided in your xref:marketplace-guide.adoc#Providing-Publisher-Information[publisher information].

Author: ```suggestion
The signature must be a Base64-encoded, RSA encrypted, SHA-256 hash of your entire file content. The signature will be verified using the public key provided in your link:/docs/marketplace-guide#_providing_publisher_information[publisher information].
```

            "checksum_link": "https://github.com/adoptium/temurin8-binaries/releases/download/jdk8u302-b08/OpenJDK8U-jdk_x64_linux_hotspot_8u302b08.tar.gz.sha256.txt",
            "metadata_link": "https://github.com/adoptium/temurin8-binaries/releases/download/jdk8u302-b08/OpenJDK8U-jdk_x64_linux_hotspot_8u302b08.tar.gz.json"
          },
          "timestamp": "2021-07-29T19:22:53Z",
          "scm_ref": "jdk8u302-b08",
          "project": "jdk",
          "distribution": "temurin"
        }
      ],
      "vendor": "adoptium",
      "version_data": {
        "major": 8,
        "minor": 0,
        "security": 302,
        "patch": null,
        "pre": null,
        "build": 8,
        "optional": null,
        "openjdk_version": "1.8.0_302-b08"
      }
    }
  ]
}
====

== Repository Read and Marketplace Update Process

Adoptium typically reads vendor repositories and updates the marketplace hourly, though this period is not guaranteed and may vary. A product listing file will be rejected if it does not adhere to the schema, or the signature does not verify the content successfully. We will contact you if the listing file is repeatedly failing these validation checks.

> The marketplace information replaces any previous information held for xref:marketplace-guide#Providing-Publisher-Information[this vendor].

Author: ```suggestion
The marketplace information replaces any previous information held for link:/docs/marketplace-guide#_providing_publisher_information[this vendor].
```
